front: update readme (#7584)
OpenRailAssociation/osrd: front/README.md

- Better docs: still in use ? with
- jsdocs

### Updating Dependencies
When `package.json` changes (new packages or updated versions), developers may have issues running the app with Docker. New packages or versions might not be recognized by Docker.

To fix this, follow these steps:

1. After pulling new changes, run `yarn install` to update local dependencies.
2. If issues persist, delete `node_modules` and run `yarn install` again.

> 3. Run `docker compose down osrd-front && docker system prune --volumes && docker compose up -d --build osrd-front` to rebuild Docker images with new dependencies.

Reviewer: As discussed, the first part was only there to ensure `front` container was down before `prune` (which is a too big hammer for this, but was OK for me).
So I'd go for a single more narrow command on this one:
```suggestion
3. Run `docker compose build --no-cache front` to rebuild Docker images from scratch with new dependencies.
```
